Yesterday I had finished writing two test cases.That ticket number is LM-71, and another one is LM-83.
Today I am going to work on whatever ticket will come to Qa deployment. I will test everything.


Yesterday I had finished testing two ticket.That ticket number is LM-71, and another one is LM-83.de
LM-71 License detail page summary section edit functionality
LM-83 Enhancement fee detail section 

today i going to work on, whatever ticket pending qa deployement,i will test everything

exa
a61p33
online

The shadow border needs to be made lighter

while clicking text box border needs to be brightened

Yesterday I had finished testing two ticket.That ticket number is LM-86, and another one is LM-84
LM-86 Facet filter | Assignee name, tech tags and cpc code field auto suggestion,we have found some bug that bug not high priority.we have create separate bug ticket next sprint.

  
LM-84 License creation&detail page related issues

Today I am going to work on writing test case.


last friday I had finished testing  that ticket number LM-84 and i created new user empower member role qa and dev in 
QA:
viewer-5
editor-5
dev:
viewer-5
editor-5

Today I am going to work on writing test case.

last friday I had checked with Roku data with Acquiflow UI and lm UI
encumbrance report 
encumbrance patent report
lm license report
lm license patent report


Finished Roku data 1–50 were examined 

There is no display of the right-section sublicense start date on the license detail page,mentioned screen shot.

last friday I had checked with Roku data with Acquiflow UI and lm UI
encumbrance report 
encumbrance patent report
lm license report
lm license patent report 
 
Sublicense-983,1057,632,866,807


Yesterday I had finished writing testcase two ticket.That ticket number is lm-115 AND lm-116.
lm-115-RIGHT SECTION UPDATE UI
lm-116-Add New right popup UI (License details page)
 
Today I am going to work on whatever ticket will come to Qa deployment. I will test everything AND Write test case about all the remaining tickets.



Yesterday I had finished writing testcase two ticket.That ticket number is lm-120 AND lm-124
LM-120 DEAL Details Page Asset tab (table) implementation
LM-124 Multiple file upload implementation in Agreement Section
I had finished testing license management Every section and every tabs.

yesterday i had checked whatever data was coming license management application. 
Solar data also coming search result page and search result page. 
and DB data was coming other sections.

yesterday i had testing checked everythings license management application checked everythings,every fields everysections and every tabs.
whatever bug i find created separate bug ticket that ticket number lm-138 i was put it there 
.
yesterday i had testing checked everythings license management application.
whatever bug i find i was ADDED there ticket number lm-138,
and calender popup was not displaying properly.
IN the rights section while creating rights same rights has arrived twice that was expected.

yesterday i had testing two ticket two ticket that ticket number LM-116 and LM-142 
LM-116-Add New right popup UI(DEAL DETAIL PAGE)
LM-142-Order of rights is not correct
What ever bugs i found i informed  developer

last friday i had testing two ticket that ticket numbet LM-120 and LM-133
LM-120-Deal detail page asset tab implementation
LM-133-Feedback placeholder
ONE Ticket we have move pm review that deal detail page asset tab implementation.

last monday i had testing two ticket that ticket number lm-76 and LM -121
LM-76-RPX DATA VIEW
LM-121-RPX ICON IMPLEMENTATION we have find some bugs whoever worked that ticket once it is confirmed after if it is bug we have created separated bug ticket 

yesterday i finished testing that ticket number
LM-130 - roku data related issues.compare with kasi given update excel files
Encumbrance data_report
License data report
Analyst Portfolios_report 
still few thing Pending.and one more thing 
Testing with stage environment Every section,tabs,fields these thing also

yesterday i had finsished testing that ticket number LM-163 
i already created sub task ticket- Asset tab Ui related issues i did not see any UI related issues in that ticket. so i moved pm review 
and 
I checked with lM Application QA I compare to mock up and LM UI,what ever issue  I FIND  Ui related issue i informed representative developer.
i send that Ui related Issues Yesterday,Are you fixed that issues.

Yesterday, I finished testing ticket number LM-163.Asset tab Ui-related issues
I already created a sub-task ticket. in that ticket I did not see any UI-related issues in that ticket. So I moved PM review
and 
I checked with Ui LM Application QA. I compared the mockup to the LM UI,What ever Ui related issue i find i informed representative developer.
i send those UI related issue.font size,font color,font style  did you fixed that issues.


Yesterday, I finished writing test case two that tiket number lm-164 and lm-169 
lm-164-Assets tab | Enable editing for restrictions and rights
lm-169 RPX data view - blue bar

yesterday i checked with Ui LM. QA and stage environment . 
I compared the upadate mockup to the LM UI,
What ever Ui related issue i find  i was created improvement ticket 
that ticket number-181 i was added there what is issue and mentioned screenshot also






